ah now that's a tone that I wish I could
hear in more games so Bayonetta 2 came
out but I don't have it with you so
platinum means this so I guess I'll just
play this instead all right yeah why
don't we possibly go back to her to like
Pro bendings what what is the need for
it oh shit look it's Bolin you know I'd
really like to talk to Bolin about his
fascination with dark-skinned chicks you
all know what I'm talking about
fantastic job guys Steve bloom I'm an
old man Steve bloom ah fuck acupuncture
just like that time in Chinatown they
take no for an answer then - fucking
really this happens every Thursday look
at this look at that
who needs bending when I could just
break things watch watch I break them
with the force of my swing fuck bending
I'm a I'm a master Oh No motorcycles
what will I ever do yeah fuck you fuck
you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you
fuck you fuck you fuck fuck fuck you
yeah schmuck
you know that's what Tenzin fucking
deserves for fucking cock-blocking me to
sell me all those time the hell the
triad what the hell are they doing on
this island
you know I I'll fuck you up in your
earthbending stance without earthbending
cuz I'm better than you the hell are you
gonna attack me what's this guy doing
I'm fuckin give her the Paul driver give
her the Titanic smash then I'll give the
old PME combo you know the hell one two
buckle my shoe that's big boy you see it
coming she started you I'll see you
coming watch just don't wait for the
perfect moment perfect
oh great aren't they part of different
gangs ladies and gentlemen The Three
Stooges what who the fuck said that you
could wear my favorite color you
motherfucking monkey ass piece of shit
what it's just the three students with a
different color scheme man get out of
here I have no time for you smooth oh
yeah sure
don't worry dude I'll let you go strike
down now I'm gonna go to the North Pole
but I need better duds what should I
wear yeah well that's practical but uh
long hair you thought that you were just
dealing with regular Cora but really you
were doing with spirit Cora all along I
am unstoppable no one kid fucking touch
me knowing I'm a beatable
what are these sick combos oh you want
some too fucking giant mech watch this
shit fucking I'll kick fire at you
motherfucker completely untouchable
looking I'm not even trying
this is fucking going around look at
these fools they can't even handle this
Oh fucking 100 enemies look at this fuck
you guys are nothing absolutely nothing
no one can touch me no one can stop this
unlimited power
too easy
oh shit I can hurt them with Naga swipes
all right watch this is how I'm gonna do
this 1 2 3
Saamy zombies that you fucking I'm
coming to Sami
no no what am i doing you know what
that's okay
huh moons already dead